hi everybody i'm kristina jackson
natural food chef and holistic health
coach we're making a raw butternut
squash pasta with alfredo sauce today I
love pasta and this is a great
alternative to your typical pasta and
it's definitely more beneficial for you
and I'll tell you about that later but
in order to get started I'm going to
tell you what you're going to need and
that would be 1 cup of raw peeled
butternut squash I have this actually
soaked in some olive oil just a little
bit of olive oil i massaged it a little
bit to soften the butternut squash so I
did that about 30 minutes ago
so you can do that a little bit in
advance I have one cup of that 1/2 a cup
of this delicious alfredo sauce it's a
raw vegan alfredo sauce that we made a
little while ago a half a cup of raw
organic mushrooms one teaspoon of fresh
thyme quarter of a cup of cold press
extra virgin olive oil salt and pepper
to taste so I have about a teaspoon
there I don't think we're going to need
all of that but I do have it on hand
just in case so just to kind of give you
an overview of our noodles and where it
came from it came from our butternut
squash now most of you know that this is
a winter squash and you put it in the
oven and bake it and out comes some
delicious sweet butternut squash but you
can eat it raw too so not only is it a
nice sweet squash raw but you're going
to be getting all the nutrients and the
benefits from eating this raw vegetable
it won't be like you're having a refined
flour based pasta so this will
definitely be better for your health a
much healthier version and a gluten free
version so this is a great option all I
did was your butternut squash will look
like this I peeled it
and left a little bit here to hold on to
on the backside and I peeled it on the
front and just took my vegetable peeler
super easy and took strips off of it
just like that so you're going to want
to get in there and just get some strips
and it's really just that easy so it's
quicker than actually making your
regular pasta but that's how I got my my
pasta noodles and as I mentioned I had
soaked those already and they're all
nice and soft here for us this is one
portion size that I'm giving you here
but feel free to make it in a big batch
share this with your friends and family
that's the great thing about pasta it's
kind of like and you know back in Italy
how they have these big family meals and
they have these big dishes of pasta well
you can do that too still with raw pasta
and you're actually giving a little
treat of health to your friends and
family so let's go ahead and get our
pasta noodles I'm going to scrape in our
creamy alfredo sauce add a little bit of
olive oil just kind of get it all mixed
in there may not need the whole thing
kind of just mix those around fold that
in there mix all that goodness together
I mean it even looks like the
traditional alfredo sauce nice and gooey
and creamy and cheesy but a raw vegan
version okay so I'm going to add my
mushrooms one of my personal favorites
some fresh thyme pinch of a salt and
pepper and this looks delicious all
right so now that we have all these
delicious ingredients all together and
they're just happy they're marinating
this is now ready to be eaten
you can enjoy all the great health
benefits of this lowers your blood
pressure doesn't spike your blood sugar
levels like typical pasta would do it is
lower in calories but it's just as
delicious that there is your raw
butternut squash alfredo enjoy
thanks for watching be sure to catch all
of our other videos here and don't
forget to subscribe because that way
we'll keep you updated on all the other
healthy delicious videos we'll be
putting out if you have any requests for
me or any questions email me at request
at Mahalo com
you